Hi, I'm Max Kuhn, I work at Posit.
I'm here to entice you into joining us at the Advanced Tidymodels Workshop at our conference.
Now it says advanced in the title, you don't need to be an expert to join us.
If you've taken the introductory tidymodels workshop, you'd be in a really good position
to join us.
But if you haven't, if you've ever used tidymodels before, you'll probably be in good shape.
So if you've fit a parsnip model or resampled it, or if you've used a recipe, things like
that, you'll probably be in a good position to understand what we're going to go through.
Now what are we going to talk about at the conference?
So one thing we'll talk about is advanced recipe usage.
So recipes are like pre-processors for your data before you put them in the model.
And we'll talk about some sort of like pro tips for using recipes, as well as how to
optimize them.
The second thing we'll talk about is model tuning.
So you have models and some tuning parameters.
We'll look at things like grid search, iterative search, some cool things called racing methods
that you can use to optimize your model performance.
And then the third thing we'll talk about is calibration.
So after you fit your model, you want to make sure that your classification probabilities
or your fitted regression predictions are super consistent with the data that you built
the model on.
And so we have some new tools for that that we think are really cool.
So anyway, we hope to see you in person in Chicago, and especially hope to see you at
the EDS signals workshop.
Thanks a lot.